hey folks I wanted to run something by
you guys alright this is an idea that
came to me because recently I had a
consultation with a young man who has
this great idea and he's doing a
clothing line based upon his section of
the country or his state or his city and
it's a brilliant idea and recently I
came across this website and I want to
share this with you I want to do it
partially as a case study but really as
an idea for you guys all right I know
that some of you guys are still
teeter-tottering and you don't know
quite what direction you want to go or
what type of t-shirt line you want to do
but a regional t-shirt line is great so
let me show you this this one is called
simplified and if you look at the way
that spelled I'm gonna let that come
back they're doing something that's a
really great idea a lot of people are
doing it things like Tumblr and stuff
they're spelling the word without the
vowels so it's SMP l SMP lfd alright it
went away and that's a great thing if
you look this is a looks like an
abandoned parking lot and we're going to
go down these are some you know Detroit
icons and we're gonna go down they want
to look at this as homes plus simplified
and this is the thing that that they're
working with where they're taking these
homes these old abandoned homes and
they're using them to make these
eyeglasses or the eyeglass frames and if
you know anything about the plight of
the awesome city of Detroit Michigan
this is bass this this line is based on
the city of Detroit you know that you
know a few years they've been going
through some pretty tough times but they
will rebound and the city needs
something too big itself up you know as
a city that was once almost 2 million
strong
and is now due to the economy due to
auto plants closing closing it's now a
city of from not mistaken around about
700,000 so they lost over half of the
city's population which has ravaged the
economy but of course you know it will
be back they will they will rebound and
if you look you'll see that this this
this clothing line is based upon the
city of Detroit and guys this is an
excellent excellent niche for you to get
it not just a niche but you can really
have a clothing line based upon your
city or your section of the country or
whatever country you reside because you
know t-shirt helpdesk is international
baby anyway just gonna go through some
of these styles and I just want you to
guys to let these you know let these get
your juices flowing okay all right let
this get you all warm and running this
right here is a great idea now I'm not
saying I don't do Detroit but do your
section of town you know or do your
region you know you could do the south
you could do New England you can do this
all type of things you could do you
could do towns that have a or cities
that are known but you know don't really
get the props that they deserve you
could do Pomona California shout out to
the west coast you know what I'm saying
Shreveport Louisiana there's there's a
lot of things you could do
Charlotte no Carolina there's a lot of
things that you can do north cackle act
you know you can call it the cackle axe
for just the Carolinas you know just
throwing things out there there are
things that you can do and people are
very prideful about their region people
are very territorial so you can make a
lot of money you know of course you're
gonna have to produce great styles great
products something that really targets
your core audience I say this all the
time guys hit your core audience in this
day and age if you don't have a subgroup
of sub culture core audience you have
nothing all right
the days of
doing something big for everybody that's
over it's not gonna work you have to
have micro this little micro your micro
group that you hit so anyway you can see
right here this is Detroit Lions
well it says Detroit football and this
is based on the Lions you know always be
careful not to infringe I mean this is a
little bit different but always be
careful not to infringe on copyrights
because NFL NBA Major League Baseball's
they are very litigious know what that
means they'll sue your ass do you
understand so here you have one right
here Detroit club obviously this is like
baseball's based on the White Sox so
this this is a great idea guys this is
it and of course they had hats you can
do fitted hats you could of course get
patches me I talked all about that and
where you can get that stuff done and
the snapback pack for you guys who want
to get it started you know this is great
you know this is another one here
there's a lot of stuff based on sport
teams this is kind of surreal and a ring
and it says Detroit you know let's go
over here the t's it's not really a case
study is just kind of to get you guys
like your juices flowing man so you can
see all these tees and they have a
Raglan tee Detroit football again this
one right here is of course based on the
classic logo of the bad boys the Detroit
Pistons and it says the Detroit players
this is it right here guys this is it
this is a great idea I don't know how
well these guys are doing but this is if
you go lower couple these things are a
little bit out of place this is like a
Tupac thing don't know why that's there
this one says The Supremes I guess it's
based on the store Supremes but we all
know that The Supremes are from Detroit
and they're part of the Motown sound and
Motown comes from Detroit so let's just
go right here and show this so that's a
great idea so this is a great idea and
only you guys who are from these places
only you know your city and
town so if you guys are teeter-tottering
this is something that you can do you
can do your own region of the country or
whatever country or city or state or
town yours I you know can't be too small
because you want to make money but this
is a great idea I just wanted to kind of
show this to you oh and here we go with
the Instagram have to have Instagram
guys so I just wanted to show you guys
this just as an idea alright so let that
put that in your pipe and smoke it and I
hope this is of some use to you my name
is Gary and on behalf of the t-shirt
helpdesk dot-com cheers to your t-shirts
good luck with your t-shirt companies
guys talk to you soon
go down below get the information I will
do a detail descriptive custom case
study of your brand and website and I
will send it to you